Add placeholder article to test PR flow (#254)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/utils/edit.md

---
title: GitHub PR Test
---

There should be a markdown error here, because I didn't leave a blank line between this and the following list:

> - List item 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- List item 1
```

- List item 2

## Heading

> Same here, we need spaces between headings and the first line of a paragraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Same here, we need spaces between headings and the first line of a paragraph.
```

> Below, you will see a code sample that explains how to initiate Amplitude's Browser SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a code sample that explains how to initiate Amplitude's Browser SDK.
```
